hello everyone and welcome to another
review today we're going to go ahead and
review a fragrance that was released in
the year 2002 the fragrance is known as
Marc Jacobs for men by Marc Jacobs now
Marc Jacobs is a set that's been around
for a while now since 2002 it has a
little bit of infamy in the fragrance
community and I'm surprised that I
actually haven't gotten to review this
yet but I was taking a list of some of
the stuff that I haven't reviewed and
that had been requested and this one
came up so I figured why not go ahead
and get into it so the design as you can
see it's very simple it's just got a
clean kind of rectangular look to it
with a black top on it it's a little bit
different from most other fragrances but
it's very simple very elegant and I have
no problems with the faucet or the
actual sprayer for the fragrance now the
fragrance comes in two main sizes it
comes in a 2.5 ounce and a 4.2 ounce the
2.5 been ringing about $64 retail and
the 4.2 is going to run you about $80
retail so it's well within designer
price limits not too high not too low
but still the fact that you've got you
can you can get it for a lot cheaper
because it was released in the year 2002
is you can see a lot of discount sites
the prices that I just mentioned are of
retail so with that let's go ahead and
get right into the notes of this
fragrance the notes consists of and our
top we have citrus bergamot cardamom
cumin and ginger for our mid we have
Bigley rose cyclamen water nose and for
base we have talked of being patchouli
oak Moss and cedar so the smell that you
get right off the bat to this fragrance
is infamous
known as one of the better fake
fragrances now fake to me it's a little
bit of a it's a problem no just because
I don't like fake I don't like the smell
fig that's in most fragrances I think it
when it's done a little bit I guess you
could say on the conscious side that's
when I tend to like those fragrances a
little bit more but when big is the
prominent note I tend not to agree with
it and unfortunately this fragrance kind
of lands in that realm the first thing
that you get immediately as a baby smell
to it now that says big leaf and I have
to agree with that because it's a more
of a green thing coming from it rather
than the real pure fruit from it but it
definitely still is a big sin now
there's another note that I immediately
I get that is it really is in less than
the nose and that's coconut
it's like fig and coconut smashed
together and producing this scent now
the Sun isn't overly powerful it's
definitely more of a seduced subdued
scent you get a little bit under average
per fragrance performance with this and
it lasts generally about I want to say
six hours at maximum on my skin most of
the time was between four and five hours
that it was you know close to the skin
and almost gone at that point so it's
not a powerhouse of a fragrance but
after that fig and coconut which kind of
remains throughout the entire sent the
you get a little bit more it becomes a
little bit more creamy you get a little
bit more of the floral notes that are
and especially the rose you get a little
bit more of Rose that I can detect from
it and as it dries down you get the
sweetness of the tonka the tall cook
really comes out to it and overall
though it remains a creamy big coconut
smelling type of fragrance now because
this was released in the year 2002 kind
of going back and thinking and I
realized this actually probably was a
little bit more I guess you could say
revolutionary for the fact before what
it actually produced by my revolutionary
I mean a lot of the fragrances that were
released around that time especially a
little bit before more more powerhouse
fragrances and this was part of that
transit
that was getting a little bit more into
the soul fragrances though so for that
what's that what that is worth I would
say I would give it a little bit better
marks but this is - this was released in
2002 this is now 2015 you know if there
have been a lot of advancements on this
and this is someone still gives me a
little bit trouble I go about three
sprays with this fragrance I think it's
perfect for any age I think you can wear
it in the spring and summer primarily
just because I think you really need the
heat to kind of bring this one out a
little bit if you want to think about it
this way I would say that this kind of
reminds me of like version Island water
smashed together with something leaf it
doesn't have that rum vibe that virgin
island water does have but the coconut
vibe from it really reminds me of it
that's not to say that the two
fragrances smell like because they
definitely go in different directions
but that's the kind of give you an idea
of the coconut fig vibe that I'm getting
from this fragrance now occasional eyes
I think that's one of the strong points
in this fragrance is that you can use it
for almost every single occasion that
you think of it's a highly versatile
fragrance sorry about the Train in the
apologizing that for another like six
months - either way
anyways highly versatile fragrance even
where it's working and where casually
you can wear it on a date although
personally I wouldn't and compliment
wise I didn't really get any compliments
with this fragrance just because of the
fact that it's when I mentioned earlier
that it has poor poor projection and
poor see OSH that usually means that
people can't smell you and they didn't
weren't able to really smell me when I
gave it to them to actually have a sniff
test a little bit more positive results
and people were generally very receptive
to this fragrance and did give it some
good morfs alright so if I'm going to go
ahead and give this fragrance rating I
give this ring as a rating of a six out
of ten now a six out of ten may be a
little bit harsh but I'll tell you why
one I'll start with the good the good
it's it's definitely unique fragrance
even since it was out in 2002 and still
it's a relatively unique fragrance if
you were to go ahead and apply this one
now and wear it around you really will
find many people smelling like you at
all it's a very subtle fragrance that I
like I love subtle fragrances I think
that you don't have to scream and shout
in order to get your point across it's a
very original fragrance and it's highly
versatile outside of you know wearing it
in the winter months that's a the
negative sort of fragrance one to me
nauseous it just makes me nauseous and I
can't take it for that and it's just a
weird smelling scent it's not a bad
smell like scent I still think this
fragrance actually smells good but for
some reason or another it makes me
nauseous I know can't explain it it just
comes off as weird and just turns my
stomach
- it's got very very very poor
performance the performance on this yes
it has a subtle fragrance but again only
five hours or so on my skin and even
then all throughout the time it's really
not projecting at all it projects for
maybe the first 30 minutes and after
that it just dies down almost gone so
you may be tempted to kind of over spray
this and go crazy on it but just be
warned again it does have some decent
projection in the first half an hour so
if you can wait it out you know by all
means and just in general I can't really
even if I I think even if I like too big
and I came across this scent I may be
tempted to add as my collection but I
still think that there are a couple
other figs like one from dick teak that
I liked a little bit more than this one
and I still I just can't get behind this
one for some strange reason and so it
gets that all of that acai give it a try
see if you like it if you like fig
fragrances this may be a fragrance for
you just because it's so heavily
involved in thick and you have to like a
coconut type smelling scent because it's
it's those two sets even though the
coconut note note is not listed alright
thank you take care of yourselves and
you guys have a great day
let me know what you think about Marc
Jacobs for men take care